add READMEs for common directories (#11486)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: docs/devElements.md

See [`elements/`](https://github.com/PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn/tree/master/apps/prairielearn/elements) for example elements.

> Element code uses the libraries in [the `python/prairielearn` module](https://github.com/PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn/tree/master/apps/prairielearn/python/prairielearn). Documentation for this module can be found in the [Python Reference](https://prairielearn.readthedocs.io/en/latest/python-reference/).

Reviewer: Nit (if we have the docs, and the docs link to the source code, may as well just link to the docs IMO):

```suggestion
Element code uses the [`prairielearn` module](https://prairielearn.readthedocs.io/en/latest/python-reference/) for common functionality like parsing attributes and computing scores.
```
